[Music]
six secret tips to always win at your
favorite games game night with your
friends or family is always a blast no
matter what you're playing and besides
being filled with lots of laughs it can
get pretty competitive too but are there
any tricks that can guarantee your
victory as it turns out there are and
guess what we're about to spill all of
them for you but before we start don't
forget to subscribe to our Channel and
turn on post notifications so that you
won't miss any of our new videos rock
paper scissors
[Music]
unless you're a mind-reader
there's no way you can possibly predict
rock paper scissors
or is there well you actually can get
luck on your side more often if you
follow a couple of simple rules
statistically speaking men go for rock
more often than women so sticking with
paper when you're up against a male
opponent can help give you the upper
hand most ladies tend to throw scissors
on the first round so choosing rock can
increase your odds at winning when your
challenger is a woman vocalising your
next choice can also trick your opponent
into thinking that you're not actually
gonna do that and then BAM your
adversary is defeated
I mean you warned them right keep in
mind though that paper is the best
winning option since people
statistically pick scissors less than
rock or paper so when in doubt throw
paper for a sweeping triumph
Scrabble Scrabble is one of the most
popular games out there but it's also
one of the most challenging it's really
useful too since you get to entertain
yourself while training your brain at
the same time anyway if you want to WoW
and defeat your opponents with your
skills here are some little tricks you
can use first of all fill your
vocabulary with more two and three
letter words they come in handy during
the game more than you'd think secondly
make the letter S your best friend you
can easily use it to pluralize words on
the board
unfortunately the game's creators must
have known about this little ploy since
you only get four S tiles so think
carefully before using one of them also
be sure to analyze the board carefully
before making your move there's always
at least one word that can be
transformed into another just by adding
one letter for example age cage mania
maniac or lush blush they're called hook
words and you can even find a huge list
of them online another trick is to save
the letters a tele2 are and n the
variety of combinations you can make out
of them will really help your score out
for instance you can make the word star
line using all of them finally try to
memorize more cue without you words the
letter Q is worth the most points but
the situation with the use is just like
with the esses you only get four of them
so use more words like cantar QWERTY or
fakir in your game if you want
guaranteed victory
monopoly monopoly is an all-time classic
when it comes to board games but man is
it time-consuming am i right
if you're gonna invest so much of your
precious time you might as well have
some tricks up your sleeve that'll
surely help you win don't you think so
first of all don't be too picky at the
beginning of the game the sooner you
start buying properties the better
monopoly champion yes you heard right
champion buren holliford naps cog says
that one of the biggest mistakes players
make is turning their noses up at
smaller properties but if you follow the
other strategy of being more open to
buying it'll give you leverage later on
in the game it's better to buy as many
orange and red spaces as possible
because they're the most landed on and
among those colors specifically the most
landed on our Illinois Avenue Tennessee
Avenue and New York Avenue according to
one Monopoly analysis don't be afraid to
spend money you actually don't want to
have a lot in your personal bank
investing money brings you more of it
while swirling it away doesn't nothing
for you also try to buy three houses or
hotels as quickly as possible it'll
allow you to collect a bunch of rent for
your properties finally stay in jail
that's right trying to get out of it
immediately isn't your best move if at
this point in the game you already have
monopolies it's better to hang out in
jail and watch your opponent's land on
and pay you rent for your properties
Jenga the fun in Jenga is that it keeps
people nervously yet excitedly on edge
pretty much the whole time there's no
quick way to win this game that's for
sure but there are some secrets that can
help a lot along the way and you can
definitely trust them since these little
clues come straight from the top source
the game's creator Leslie Scott she says
that one of the most important things is
having no strategy at all believe it or
not it's way better to concentrate all
your energy on individual moves plus
every brick you or your opponent removes
from and then adds to the tower changes
the trajectory of the game so there's no
way you can foresee how everything's
gonna go don't forget that there's
always a brick that you need somewhere
and most of the time no matter where it
is you can get it out even if there's a
layer where the center brick has been
removed just pinch together the two
remaining bricks and remove the outside
one it's also important to push blocks
instead of pulling them when you pull a
brick it strongly disturbs the balance
of the tower while pushing it allows you
to gradually get the block out without
sending the tower tumbling over
placement is also key you can easily
sabotage the tower by balancing it on
one side now outsmarting your opponent
will be as easy as pie
dodge ball dodge ball is about both the
team and the individual which means that
there are useful strategies for both of
these aspects of the game if we're
talking about what you can do for
yourself so that you won't get
eliminated first off don't forget that
you can always block incoming balls with
your own ball this trick comes in handy
when you know you can't possibly dodge
the ball coming your way when you're the
last person left on the court
representing your team or there's just a
ton of attacks coming right at you kneel
down and hold your ball in front of you
like a shield and while attacking the
other team's players be sure to aim for
their shins even if you miss chances are
that your rival won't be able to catch a
ball that low you can also trick your
opponents of it by keeping your hands
behind your back this can make your
attack even more sudden since the other
team won't be able to tell who you'll
aim at if your hands are hidden as for
your team effort don't stand too close
to each other
spread out this will give you more
angles to attack from and make it more
difficult for the other team to take any
of you out
don't throw your balls randomly try to
find one target and attack it from
different angles all at once after all
the better the teamwork the higher your
chances of winning darts
as unbelievable as it might sound no
matter how much you suck at darts there
is a way to turn it all around and
become a true champion leaving your
friends with their jaws drugged
you can thank professor Graham Kendall
from the University of Nottingham for
this winning strategy it requires some
math so bear with me here as I explain
it ok so as we all know the dartboard
has two circles both divided in the
equal parts with their own special point
value and if you for instance aim for 20
and Miss you'll hit one of the nearby
parts either 5 or 1 at this point if you
want to win you actually need to find
out exactly how bad you are the easiest
way to do that is to just throw three
darts aiming at 20 and see where they
end up then simply measure the distance
between each of them and the 20 and
here's where the math comes in once
you've got both measurements calculate
their average by adding them together
and dividing the result by 2 if you're
accurate within 5 millimeters you should
aim for a treble 20 if your result is
within 25 millimeters of accuracy it's
better to aim for a treble 19 and
finally if you found out that you're
accurate only within 60 millimeters try
to stick to a large spot around the
center to the lower left of the bull's
eye
professor kendall also suggests leaving
a power of two each time 2 4 8 16 and 32
this approach will give you more choices
if you miss the final double and there
you go with just a little preparation in
basic math you'll become a true darts
master do you have any secrets of your
own on how to win your favorite games
tell me in the comments below don't
forget to click subscribe to stay on the
bright side of life
[Music]